You speak slowly
The emperor's concubine has been allergic to pollen since childhood
In severe cases, asthma and fainting
Yuan Guifei specially put the pollen in my room
That's what made me like this
He's trying to disgrace me
Take my life!
Don't spill blood
I didn't know you were allergic to pollen
Besides, you picked this osmanthus by yourself.
What does it have to do with me?
Emperor
A concubine is a woman
How could he use his face to frame the concubine?
If it's as the concubine said
Isn't that concubine self-destructing?
How can you be sure?
This flower was put by Concubine Yuan Gui
The emperor's entire palace
Only the bedroom of the concubine has osmanthus flowers.
Hello, I know about this.
The concubine will be punished if there is a reason
Thinking about it in the cold palace
Concubine, please